Clean up AcademyFixedUpdateStepper when playmode changed (#4532)
Unity-Technologies/ml-agents: com.unity.ml-agents/CHANGELOG.md

 camera frame. The scene is able to train with the provided default config file. (#4511)
### Bug Fixes
#### com.unity.ml-agents (C#)

>  - Fixed the issue of leaking AcademyFixedUpdateSteppers when accessing Academy
>  in editor mode. (#4521)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Fixed a bug where accessing the Academy outside of play mode would cause the Academy to get stepped multiple times when in play mode. (#4532)
```
Changed the wording a bit, and the made it refer to this PR (not the original issue). Feel free to tweak the wording if you want.
